W-18491638: updating troubleshooting for ftps connector for session reuse errors (#2895)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: ftps/2.0/modules/ROOT/pages/ftps-troubleshooting.adoc

For additional information about enabling verbose logging for SDK components in your Mule application, see the xref:mule-sdk::troubleshooting.adoc[troubleshoot SDK components] documentation.

== Handle FTPS Session Reuse Errors

> When you use the FTPS connector, connection issues can occur during session reuse, such as a `SocketTimeoutException` during data connection. To resolve this, include the following JVM system property in your runtime configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use FTPS Connector, connection issues can occur during session reuse, such as a `SocketTimeoutException` error during data connection. To resolve this, include this JVM system property in your runtime configuration:
```
